Devservices documentation (#281)
quarkiverse/quarkus-amazon-services: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/amazon-ssm.adoc

* An AWS Account to access the SSM service
* Docker for your system to run SSM locally for testing purposes

=== Provision SSM locally via Dev Services

The easiest way to start working with SSM is to run a local instance using Dev Services.

=== Provision SSM locally manually

> You can also setup a local version of SSM manually, first start a localstack container:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also set up a local version of SSM manually, first start a localstack container:
```
